I'm listening I'm gonna let you finish
okay wants one fire but war Peck had one
of the best files of all time you just
press my button man you can't just come
up in here and present buddy oh you
killed my all
sure this one's remain to you got y'all
hit the wall
wow it worked what it's stacked it's
stacked in hybrid yeah it worked it just
was so lag my god i was like old woody
crisis it's fucking working though where
does action for that was no lag at all
like mr. mr. Koo spit hot fire like my
name is king cuz I'll be on that tight
nexus 7 foot white boy never get
arrested people get invested in my
stocks going now all I need you think
your pop they can work for shit the mexi
feel you need to go to church more
you're like a workhorse all up in that
work for all I do is murder beats and
I'm trying to murk more I'm sticking to
the plan on a plan looks like without a
mother fucking gamble can't
but one walking in sandals sweater sexy
what I done handled all them all times
with my eyes to the ground but you never
up compromising the Sam and the P is
gonna drive but the scars stay around
and you'll never gonna forget what I
lost and I found and I ain't gon tram
I'm gonna ever head above water fucked
read my kicker I'm so ready no radio
stiff in my shit making clever ground to
the rubber band snap lift yer so get our
eat free food gets cold when I wake up
in the mouth I'll put my head
stop fucking spaceship now I won't take
shit I'm in my zone that's right make a
mall stop make him go dumb Bridget
eardrums get fuck nigga off home yeah
they stay wet keep him on strong fucking
safe sex they beyond gone for 10 to 15
all I do is live all I do is live never
pitched normal killed I'm a winning I
got a couple records but I'm looking for
Dennis and I'm never started something
that I know it's in the business
partnership kazama Wallace i graduated
college we got the kind of wind you'd
only see if your okama we got the kind
of cream you don't talk if you been
smoking don't legalize the quickest
Obamacare is broken in yet see the
paradox guns butter you losing like a
pair of socks ain't shit funny like
carrots are but those two tone paint
fucking with that I'll be fucking with
this put me on your serato got me a
bottle of mix malt liquor song feeding
the trip and all I know is go hard I fit
in the city I'll be moving the muties
and I be fucking with people who live
like just like the Ghoulies I roll with
you is the dog I promise mama a Grammy
and imma did it guys what's popping
today it's Dave here so this is Elmo's
world of gaming also known as Elmo's
gaming whitey check his channel out he
is pretty much me with an Australian
accent and knows how to edit that's
right ladies and gentlemen he's a lot
more entertaining myself uploads more
often you can see here a week ago five
days ago we could go I think he uploads
like every other day but he also
recorded his perspective of this raid
I'm sure it'll be a lot more fancy a lot
of editing you guys love that crab
mine's just going to be some raw footage
because I was focused on the cannon for
this raid but thanks so much for
watching guys and like always have a
great rest of your day happy Mother's
Day I love you